Troubleshooting & FAQs: adds info on using SMTP2GO and Mailgun (#260)
MozillaReality/hubs-docs: docs/faq.md

1. Setting up your account and appearing legitimate to AWS.
2. [Getting out of the sandbox environment](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/request-production-access.html) by proving that your intended use is legitimate.

> [SMTP2GO](https://www.smtp2go.com/pricing/) requires you to be able to **receive** email sent **to your hubs domain**. This requires either you running an MTA like Postfix, or a MX record pointing to someone else's MTA that handles incoming email for you.

Reviewer: Note: please check for factual accuracy.

```suggestion
[SMTP2GO](https://www.smtp2go.com/pricing/) also rejects gmail accounts and thus requires you to either have an email at a custom/work domain set up or to be able to **receive** email sent **to your hubs domain**, which requires either you running an MTA like Postfix, or a MX record pointing to someone else's MTA that handles incoming email for you.
```

Reviewer: No worries.  The revised wording sounds good.  Thank you.
